Improve Android target selection (#746)
microsoft/vscode-cordova: README.md

| `platform`                         | The target platform to run for (either `ios`, `android`, `browser` or `serve`; other platforms are not currently supported).<br>**Type:** `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | n/a                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `target`                           | Target to run on. Possible values: `emulator`, `device`, `<Android emulator/device id>`, `<Android emulator name>`. For simulation in the browser, you can use `chrome`, `edge`. If the value is `emulator` and platform is `android` then the quick pick window will be expanded with the names of the available Android virtual devices, then the target value in `launch.json` will be changed to the name of the selected virtual device. If you have only one virtual device available, it will be selected automatically.<br><mark>Note: In case you want to use Android emulator, please, make sure `emulator` utility is added to PATH</mark><br>**Type:** `string` | emulator                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target`                           | Target to run on. Possible values: `emulator`, `device`, `<Android emulator/device id>`, `<Android emulator name>`. For simulation in the browser, you can use `chrome`, `edge`. If the value is `emulator` and platform is `android` then the quick pick window will be expanded with the names of the available Android virtual devices, then the target value in `launch.json` will be changed to the name of the selected virtual device. If you have only one virtual device available, it will be selected automatically.<br>_Note: If you're using Android emulator targets, please, make sure the `emulator` utility is added to `PATH`._<br>**Type:** `string` | emulator                                                                                                                                                                          |
```
